Implemented Datastorage with overkill (#37)
ArchipelagoMW/Archipelago.MultiClient.Net: README.md

// ... On death:
deathLinkService.SendDeathLink(new DeathLink("Ijwu", "Died to exposure."));
```

## DataStorage

> DataStorage support is included in the library. you may save values on the archipelago server in order to share there across other players or to simply keep track of values outside of your game's state

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DataStorage support is included in the library. You may save values on the archipelago server in order to share them across other player's sessions or to simply keep track of values outside of your game's state.
```

> The DataStorage provides an interface based on keys and thier scope. by assinging a value to a key, that value is stored on the server, and by reading from a key a value is retrieved from the server. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The DataStorage provides an interface based on keys and their scope. By assigning a value to a key, that value is stored on the server and by reading from a key a value is retrieved from the server. 
```

> The DataStorage also provides methods to retrieve the value of key asynchronously. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The DataStorage also provides methods to retrieve the value of a key asynchronously. 
```

> If your intrested in keeping track of when a value of a certian key is changed you can use the `OnValueChanged` handler to register a callback for when the value gets updated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're interested in keeping track of when a value of a certain key is changed you can use the `OnValueChanged` handler to register a callback for when the value gets updated.
```

An `Initialize` Method is provided to set the initial value of a key without overriding any existing value.
Complex objects need to be stored in the form of a `JObject`, therefor you must wrap them into a `JObject.FromObject()`

Assigning and reading values from the store can be done using `=`:
* `session.DataStorage["Key"] =`, write value to the data storage
* `= session.DataStorage["Key"]`, read value from the data storage

Mathematical operations are supported using the following operators:
* `+`, Add right value to left value
* `-`, Subtract right value from left value
* `*`, Multiply right value by left value
* `/`, Divide right value by left value
* `%`, Gets remainder after dividing left value by right value
* `^`, Multiply left value by the power of the right value

> * `>>`, Override left with right value. if right value is lower

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `>>`, Override left with right value, if right value is lower
```

> * `<<`, Override left with right value. if right value is bigger

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `<<`, Override left with right value, if right value is bigger
```

Bitwise operations are supported using the following opperations:
* `+ Bitwise.Xor(x)`, apply logical exclusive OR to the right value using value x
* `+ Bitwise.Or(x)`, apply logical OR to the right value using value x
* `+ Bitwise.And(x)`, apply logical AND to the right value using value x

> * `+ Bitwise.LeftShift(x)`, binairy shift left to the left value by x

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `+ Bitwise.LeftShift(x)`, binary shift the value to the left by x
```

> * `+ Bitwise.RightShift(x)`, binairy shift left to the right value by x

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `+ Bitwise.RightShift(x)`, binary shift the value to the right by x
```

Operation specific callbacks are supported, these get called only once with the results of the current operation:
* `+ Callback.Add((oldValue, newValue) => {});`, calls this method after your operation or chain of operations are proccesed

> mathematical operations, bitwise operations and callbacks can be chained, given the extended syntax with `()` around each operation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mathematical operations, bitwise operations and callbacks can be chained, given the extended syntax with `()` around each operation.
```

> examples:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Examples:
```

```csharp
var session = ArchipelagoSessionFactory.CreateSession("localhost", 38281);
session.TryConnectAndLogin("Risk of Rain 2", "Ijwu", new Version(2,1,0));

//Initializing
session.DataStorage.Initialize("B", 20); //Set initial value for B in global scope if it has no value assigned yet

//Storing/Updating
session.DataStorage[Scope.Slot, "SetPersonal"] = 20; //Set `SetPersonal` to 20, in scope of the current connected user\slot

> session.DataStorage[Scope.Global, "SetGlobal"] = 30; //Set `SetGlobal` to 30, in gloval scope shared amoung all players (the default scope is global)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
session.DataStorage[Scope.Global, "SetGlobal"] = 30; //Set `SetGlobal` to 30, in global scope shared among all players (the default scope is global)
```

session.DataStorage["Add"] += 50; //Add 50 to the current value of `Add`
session.DataStorage["Divide"] /= 2; //Divide current value of `Divide` in half
session.DataStorage["Max"] <<= 80; //Set `Max` to 80 if the stored value is lower than 80
session.DataStorage["Dictionary"] = JObject.FromObject(new Dictionary<string, int>()); //Set `Dictionary` to a Dictionary
session.DataStorage["SetObject"] = JObject.FromObject(new SomeClassOrStruct()); //Set `SetObject` to a custom object

> session.DataStorage["BitShiftLeft"] += Bitwise.LeftShift(1); //Divide current value of `BitShiftLeft` in half

Reviewer: ```suggestion
session.DataStorage["BitShiftLeft"] += Bitwise.LeftShift(1); //Bitshift current value of  `BitShiftLeft` to left by 1
```

> session.DataStorage["Xor"] += Bitwise.Xor(0xFF); //Moddify `Xor` using the Bitwise excluse or operation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
session.DataStorage["Xor"] += Bitwise.Xor(0xFF); //Modify `Xor` using the Bitwise exclusive or operation
```

session.DataStorage["DifferentKey"] = session.DataStorage["A"] - 30; //Get value of `A`, Assign it to `DifferentKey` and then subtract 30
session.DataStorage["Array"] = new []{ "One", "Two" }; //Arrays can be stored directly, List's needs to be converted ToArray() first 
session.DataStorage["Array"] += new []{ "Three" }; //Append array values to existing array on the server

//Chaining operations
session.DataStorage["Min"] = (session.DataStorage["Min"] + 40) >> 100; //Add 40 to `Min`, then Set `Min` to 100 if `Min` is bigger than 100
session.DataStorage["C"] = ((session.DataStorage["C"] - 6) + Bitwise.RightShift(1)) ^ 3; //Subtract 6 from `C`, then multiply `C` by 2 using bitshifting, then take `C` to the power of 3

//Update callbacks

> //Enerylink deplete pattern, Subtract 50, then set value to 0 if its lower than 0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
//EnergyLink deplete pattern, subtract 50, then set value to 0 if its lower than 0
```

session.DataStorage["EnergyLink"] = ((session.DataStorage["EnergyLink"] - 50) << 0) + Callback.Add((old, new) => {
    var actualDepleted = (float)new - (float)old; //calculate the actual change, might differ if there was less that 50 left on the server
});

//Keepking track of changes
session.DataStorage["OnChangeHandler"].OnValueChanged += (old, new) => {
	var changed = (int)new - (int)old; //Keep track of changes made to `OnChangeHandler` by any client, and calculate the difference
};

//Retrieving
session.DataStorage.GetAsync<string>("Async", s => { string r = s }); //Retrieve value of `Async` asynchronously
float f = session.DataStorage["Float"]; //Retrieve value for `Float` synchronously and store it as a float
var d = session.DataStorage["DateTime"].To<DateTime>() //Retrieve value for `DateTime` as a DateTime struct
var array = session.DataStorage["Strings"].To<string[]>() //Retrieve value for `Strings` as string Array

> //Handleing anonymous object, if the target type is not known you can use `To<JObject>()` and use its interface to access the members

Reviewer: ```suggestion
//Handling anonymous object, if the target type is not known you can use `To<JObject>()` and use its interface to access the members
```
